Thank you for sending me back
I can do it alone.
There you go.
You are still poisoned
I'll be with you tonight
It's okay, I don't need to be guarded
You can go back.
I'll wait for you in the living room.
Call me if anything happens.
I'll tell you the truth
I feel sick all over now
I'm really not sure.
Is it a side effect of that poison?
If you don't go
I'm really not sure.
What have I done to you?
I'm leaving now.
Good thing he's gone
Are you crazy?
Why didn't you leave?
I'll call the doctor to give you a sedative
This poison is uncomfortable
Fortunately, it's on me
Otherwise
You are in danger
Someone sent you to approach me
Who am I?
You can't just look it up.
Young Master Yan
Miss Qu is one of the four families in Jiangcheng
Daughter-in-law of a rich family
Futeigawa's co-worker wife
Qujia can be regarded as a wealthy family
But chaos within the family
Qu Yan was not favored since she was a child
But raised as a married wife
I don't care if you're fighting with Fu Tingchuan
Use me as a bargaining chip to motivate him
That's the end of this matter.
For the sake of you blocking a knife for me
I don't care about you
I'll call the doctor to clean you up
Before your toxin is cleared
I will be responsible for you.
He suspected it.